.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tutf8 roccatarvocontrol.1
.\"
.TH ROCCATARVOCONTROL 1 "DECEMBER 2010" "Stefan Achatz" "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
roccatarvocontrol \- a tool to roccatcontrol the extended capabilities of Roccat Arvo keyboard
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B roccatarvocontrol
[
.B -fhv
] [
.B -a
.I NUMBER
] [
.B -l
.I NUMBER
] [
.B -r
.I FILENAME
] [
.B -s
.I NUMBER
] [
.B -w
.I FILENAME
] [
.BI --activate-profile= NUMBER
] [
.B --actual-profile
] [
.B --help
] [
.BI --load= NUMMER
] [
.B --read-firmware
] [
.BI --read-rkp= FILENAME
] [
.BI --save= NUMMER
] [
.B --version
] [
.BI --write-rkp= FILENAME
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This console application lets you modify profiles of a Roccat Arvo keyboard.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-h, --help"
Give the help list.
.IP "-a, --activate-profile=NUMBER"
Activates the given profile. Please mind that this permanently sets the startup
profile. That means the given profile will be active each time the Arvo starts up.
.IP "--actual-profile"
Returns the number of the active profile.
.IP "-f, --read-firmware"
Returns the firmware version of the Arvo.
.IP "-l, --load=NUMBER"
Loads the deposited profile into memory.
.IP "-r, --read-rkp=FILENAME"
Reads an rkp-file into memory.
.IP "-s, --save=NUMBER"
Saves the profile from memory to keyboard and deposit.
.IP "-v, --version"
Print program version.
.IP "-w, --write-rkp=FILENAME"
Write the profile from memory as rkp-file.
.SH EXAMPLES
.IP "roccatarvocontrol -r profile.rkp -s 1"
Reads the profile from file
.B profile.rkp
and saves the result as profile number
.B 1
in the keyboard and the deposited profile.
.SH AUTHOR
Stefan Achatz <erazor_de@users.sourceforge.net>
