.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tutf8 roccatkonecontrol.1
.\"
.TH ROCCATKONECONTROL 1 "JULY 2010" "Stefan Achatz" "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
roccatkonecontrol \- a tool to roccatcontrol the extended capabilities of Kone mouse
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B roccatkonecontrol
[
.B -cfghpv
] [
.B -a
.I NUMBER
] [
.B -l
.I NUMBER
] [
.B -r
.I FILENAME
] [
.B -s
.I NUMBER
] [
.B -w
.I FILENAME
] [
.BI --activate-profile= NUMBER
] [
.B --actual-cpi
] [
.B --actual-profile
] [
.B --calibrate
] [
.B --help
] [
.BI --load= NUMMER
] [
.B --path
] [
.B --read-firmware
] [
.BI --read-rmp= FILENAME
] [
.B --read-weight
] [
.BI --save= NUMMER
] [
.B --version
] [
.BI --write-rmp= FILENAME
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This console application lets you modify profiles of a Kone mouse.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-h, --help"
Give the help list.
.IP "-a, --activate-profile=NUMBER"
Activates the given profile. Please mind that this permanently sets the startup
profile. That means the given profile will be active each time the Kone starts up.
.IP "--actual-cpi"
Returns the actual CPI setting.
.IP "--actual-profile"
Returns the number of the active profile.
.IP "-c, --calibrate"
Calibrate the Kone. The application needs confirmation from the user. 
.IP "-f, --read-firmware"
Returns the firmware version of the Kone.
.IP "-g, --read-weight"
Returns the weight of the inserted Fast-Clip-Weight.
.IP "-l, --load=NUMBER"
Loads the profile from mouse and deposits it in memory. If they differ a warning is given and
the mouse profile is used further.
.IP "-p, --path"
Returns the sysfs-path.
.IP "-r, --read-rmp=FILENAME"
Reads an rmp-file into memory.
.IP "-s, --save=NUMBER"
Saves the profile from memory to mouse and deposit.
.IP "-v, --version"
Print program version.
.IP "-w, --write-rmp=FILENAME"
Write the profile from memory as rmp-file.
.SH EXAMPLES
.IP "roccatkonecontrol -r profile.rmp -s 1"
Reads the profile from file
.B profile.rmp
and saves the result as profile number
.B 1
in the mouse and the deposited profile.
.SH AUTHOR
Stefan Achatz <erazor_de@users.sourceforge.net>
