.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tutf8 roccatkonepurecontrol.1
.\"
.TH ROCCATKONEPURECONTROL 1 "NOVEMBER 2012" "Stefan Achatz" "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
roccatkonepurecontrol \- a tool to roccatcontrol the extended capabilities of a Roccat
KonePure mouse
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B roccatkonepurecontrol
[
.B -fhv
] [
.B -a
.I NUMBER
] [
.B -l
.I NUMBER
] [
.B -r
.I FILENAME
] [
.B -s
.I NUMBER
] [
.B -w
.I FILENAME
] [
.BI --activate-profile= NUMBER
] [
.B --actual-profile
] [
.B --driver-off
] [
.B --driver-on
] [
.BI --firmware= FILENAME
] [
.B --help
] [
.BI --load= NUMBER
] [
.B --read-firmware
] [
.BI --read-rmp= FILENAME
] [
.BI --reset
] [
.BI --save= NUMBER
] [
.B --sensor-read
] [
.BI --sensor-register= NUMBER
] [
.BI --sensor-write= VALUE
] [
.B --version
] [
.BI --write-rmp= FILENAME
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This console application lets you modify profiles of a Roccat KonePure mouse.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-h, --help"
Give the help list.
.IP "-a, --activate-profile=NUMBER"
Activates the given profile. Please mind that this permanently sets the startup
profile. That means the given profile will be active each time the KonePure starts up.
.IP "--actual-profile"
Returns the number of the active profile.
.IP "--driver-off"
Deactivates Windows driver state.
.IP "--driver-on"
Activates Windows driver state.
.IP "--firmware=FILENAME"
Updates the devices firmware with the given Image file. In case of an error this
process can be repeated.
.IP "-f, --read-firmware"
Returns the firmware version of the KonePure.
.IP "-l, --load=NUMBER"
Loads the profile from mouse and deposits it in memory. If they differ a warning
is given and the mouse profile is used further.
.IP "-r, --read-rmp=FILENAME"
Reads an rmp-file into memory.
.IP "--reset"
Resets the device to factory default settings.
.IP "-s, --save=NUMBER"
Saves the profile from memory to mouse and deposit.
.IP "--sensor-read"
Reads a value from sensors register given with --sensor-register.
.IP "--sensor-register"
Selects a sensor register for reading and writing.
.IP "--sensor-write=VALUE"
Write the given value in the sensor register given with --sensor-register.
.IP "-v, --version"
Print program version.
.IP "-w, --write-rmp=FILENAME"
Writes the profile from memory as rmp-file.
.SH EXAMPLES
.IP "roccatkonepurecontrol -r profile.rmp -s 1"
Reads the profile from file
.B profile.rmp
and saves the result as profile number
.B 1
in the mouse and the deposited profile.
.IP "roccatkonepurecontrol --sensor-register 0x2a --sensor-read"
Reads SROM_ID from the sensor.
.SH AUTHOR
Stefan Achatz <erazor_de@users.sourceforge.net>
